docs/rust/overview.md, before:

# Rust Extension Overview

::: warning Writing this coursework in Rust is an extension and is **OPTIONAL**

You are ***NOT*** required to write any Rust code unless you intend to complete this coursework with Rust.

This is an extension, which means **you should complete this coursework in Golang before considering the Rust extension**.

Talk to the lecturers before you start working on this Rust extension.
:::

## Skeleton Code

To help you along, you are given a simple skeleton project.

Starting by cloning [gol-rs-skeleton](https://github.com/UoB-CSA/gol-rs-skeleton) repository, you can create your own repository by `Use this template`. Remember to set your newly created repository to private and add your partner as collaborator.

The skeleton includes tests and an SDL-based visualiser.

All parts of the skeleton are commented. All the code has been written in Rust.

You will not be required to write any C or Golang code for this extension. If you have any questions about the skeleton please ask a TA for help.

::: warning
You **must not** modify any of the files ending in `_test.rs`. We will be using these tests to judge the correctness of your implementation.
:::

Commit message:

Notice for WSL2 file system

docs/rust/overview.md, after:

# Rust Extension Overview

::: warning Writing this coursework in Rust is an extension and is **OPTIONAL**

You are ***NOT*** required to write any Rust code unless you intend to complete this coursework with Rust.

This is an extension, which means **you should complete this coursework in Golang before considering the Rust extension**.

Talk to the lecturers before you start working on this Rust extension.
:::

## Skeleton Code

To help you along, you are given a simple skeleton project.

Starting by cloning [gol-rs-skeleton](https://github.com/UoB-CSA/gol-rs-skeleton) repository, you can create your own repository by `Use this template`. Remember to set your newly created repository to private and add your partner as collaborator.

The skeleton includes tests and an SDL-based visualiser.

All parts of the skeleton are commented. All the code has been written in Rust.

You will not be required to write any C or Golang code for this extension. If you have any questions about the skeleton please ask a TA for help.

::: warning Please note:
You **must not** modify any of the files ending in `_test.rs`. We will be using these tests to judge the correctness of your implementation.
:::

::: warning For WSL2 users
If you are using WSL2, ensure your skeleton is located within the WSL2 file system. Specifically, **your project should be located at `~/.../gol-rs-skeleton`, NOT at `/mnt/.../gol-rs-skeleton`**
:::
